# CS-300-Submissions


#The projects we were assigned in this class were created to teach us about analysing our own code and designing it to be understandable to other coders and relevant to any client we might have in the future. While quality code is important, so is relevant code, and a client's needs should be the more considered objetive when designing code. Data structures assist in this objective by giving yourself and your clients a way to organize and manage the goals of a project in an easy to digest way that also serves the purpose of clarifying aspects of the code without having to explain it in detail. My approach to this was to organize the data as clearly as possible in one or two data structures so that I could look at the presented data in multiple ways, since designing code is never so simple that only one perspective is enough to complete it.

#Road blocks are an ever-present thing in any industry, as when technology advances, old struggles may be overcome and new struggles are presented. I was always taught that nothing worth having ever comes easy, so my approach to overcoming these obstacles and designing "around" them is to approach the subject from a new lens whenever possible while still keeping the objectives where they are needed and my head full of appropriate information regarding the project. These two projects certainly helped me to better understand good design elements, as well as how important taking your time in project development can be. A rushed project isn't always a bad product, but it's never a great one. It has certainly improved my sense of readability in programming. I now take my time to consider if the data structures or program features I have added are relevant, necessary, or helpful. Necessary features are those that are, as predicted, required by the client in order for a project to be useful to them at all. Helpful features are those that the client may not have asked for, but would likely appreciate as it may help with understanding or using the product. Relevant features are neither asked for nor are really useful to the client, but may provide ease of access for the designers or support team.

#To conclude, this class has taught me what good code design should look like, and it has inspired me to take this information and expand upon it in whatever line of work I may end up.
